The following web application is the most suited for resolving all the stated issues, as it offers patients the chance of keeping a historic of their medication records like prescriptions with details, prescriptions which can be used for easier management of ‘Med plans’, which are medication plans that can be current and formed of multiple prescriptions at the same time, or they can be old, used or not used ‘Med plans’, offering a historic of medications and not only. The application also offers patients the chance of reviewing medications from prescriptions, which is an innovation in the online medical services in Romania, like the historic is too for Romanian national medical organizations. Reviews of medications integrated in prescriptions would offer doctors the feedback they need to understand how a treatment goes and what should they give for the next ones. The application offers easy medication finding and looks for the diseases of the patients inside the prospectus of the medications with the purpose of cutting the time of searching a medication since it offers personalized descriptions. As for the doctors’ side of the application, they are offered a way of handling patients by keeping a list of saved patients for every doctor and by having a search engine for any other unsaved patients. Moreover, a web application which would be focusing on the psychology of the users who utilize it, better user design and usability than the current standard used in medical applications, could constitute an innovation for the current medical applications.
The users of this application are mainly the patients, which are offered the services specified above. The doctors are also using their accounts of patients, but they have doctor services in addition to patient services. The last kind of users are admins, which are also patients, but they have the right to add doctors on the platform.
